Docs: mention branch protections in gitlab and ECR creation (#502)
mendersoftware/mender-qa: Documentation/adding-new-repository.md

2. Update the `.gitlab-cy.yml` file to set the `FIRST_ENT_COMMIT` in the `test:check-license` job to the commit sha from point 1 (see [example](https://github.com/mendersoftware/deployments-enterprise/blob/master/.gitlab-ci.yml#L35))
3. Modify references in README
4. Modify variables in pipeline

> 5. Create an AWS ECR repository to be served by `registry.mender.io/mendersoftware`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create the `mendersoftware/name-of-service` ECR repository in the AWS Account with ID `175683096866` to be served by `registry.mender.io`
```

Author: sure! fixed.

> 5. Create the `mendersoftware/name-of-service` ECR repository in the AWS Account with ID `175683096866` to be served by `registry.mender.io`

Reviewer 2: This doesn't belong here. See [Docker image](https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender-qa/blob/9e99bf42a7156389cd6332e162ebebf081902268/Documentation/adding-new-repository.md#docker-images) section. We can extend the text there with the more complete text we have here.

Additionally, we can add a note in this part saying "Create repository, see Docker image(s))

Author: wow. it is there:
`* For closed source repository, create a new private repository in registry.mender.io`

2. Log into GitHub as `mender-test-bot`, credentials are in `mystiko`
3. Log into GitLab, using OAuth from GitHub. If asked for the token, use the one in `mystiko`
4. New project >  Run CI/CD for external repository
5. Set the branch protections, for staging, feature, and release branches (see picture below):

> ![branch-protections](gitlab-branch-protections.png)

Reviewer 2: This would be better in `GitHub: branch protections` section. We can rename the section to be `Branch protections` and then explicitly say that they have to be added both in GitHub and in GitLab.

Author: I am sorry, it makes sense. fixed.
